[docs] adds corrections dlt plus docs (#2327)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/plus/features/projects.md

#### Sources

This section lets you define sources either declaratively or by referencing an implementation from a python module inside `sources/`. In the example below, two sources are declared:

> 1. a `dlt` REST API source whose parameters are passed within the manifest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. a dlt REST API source whose parameters are passed within the manifest
```

      - berry

  github:
    type: github.source
```
:::tip
Source **type** is used to refer to location in Python code where `@dlt.source` decorated function is present. You can
always use a full path to a function name in a Python module, but we also support shorthand and relative notations. For example:

> * `rest_api` will be expanded to `dlt.sources.rest_api.rest_api` where `dlt.sources.rest_api` is a Python module in OSS `dlt` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `rest_api` will be expanded to `dlt.sources.rest_api.rest_api` where `dlt.sources.rest_api` is a Python module in OSS dlt and
```

`rest_apu` is a name of a function in that module.
* `github.source` will be expanded to `sources.github.sources` in a current project.

> If the **type** cannot be resolved, `dlt+` will provide you with a detailed list of all candidate types that were looked up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the **type** cannot be resolved, dlt+ will provide you with a detailed list of all candidate types that were looked up
```

  dev: # Using "dev" profile will write to local filesystem
    destinations:
      delta_lake:
        type: delta
        bucket_url: delta_lake
  prod: # Using "prod" profile will write to s3 bucket
    destinations:
      delta_lake:
        type: delta
        bucket_url: s3://dlt-ci-test-bucket/dlt_example_project/
```

#### Project settings and variable substitution

You can override default project settings using `project` section:
* `project_dir` - the root directory of the project, i.e., the directory where the project Python modules are stored
* `data_dir` and `local_dir` - [files created by pipelines and destinations](#local-and-temporary-files-data_dir-and-local_dir), separated by current profile name.
* `name` - the name of the project
* `default_profile` - the name of the default profile, can be configured in the project section as seen above

> * `allow_undefined_entities` - by default `dlt+` will create entities like destinations, sources and dataset ad hoc. this flag disables such behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `allow_undefined_entities` - by default dlt+ will create entities like destinations, sources and dataset ad hoc. this flag disables such behavior.
```

In the example below:
```yml
project:
  name: test_project
  data_dir: {env.DLT_DATA_DIR}\{current_profile}
  allow_undefined_entities: false
  default_profile: tests
  local_dir: {data_dir}/local
```
* we set the project name to `tests_project` overriding the default (which is the name of parent folder)
* we set `data_dir` to the value of env variable `DLT_DATA_DIR` and separate it
by profile name `current_profile`

> * we prevent any undefined entities (`allow_undefined_entities`) from being created (ie. datasets or destinations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* we prevent any undefined entities (`allow_undefined_entities`) from being created (i.e. datasets or destinations).
```

* we set the default profile name to `tests`
* we set the `local_dir` to a folder `local` in the `data_dir` we defined above.

As you may guess from the example above, you can use Python-style formatters to substitute variables:
* You can reference environment variables using the `{env.ENV_VARIABLE_NAME}` syntax.
* Any of the project settings can be substituted as well.

#### Other settings

`dlt.yml` is a [dlt config provider](../../general-usage/credentials/setup.md) and you can use it in the same way you use `config.toml`.
For example you can configure log level:

```yaml
runtime:
  log_level: WARNING
```

or any of the settings we mention in the [performance](../../reference/performance.md) chapter.

> ### Local and temporary files (`data_dir` and `local_dir`)

Reviewer: Section says nothing about the `local_dir`, let's remove it from the header to avoid confusing people
```suggestion
### Local and temporary files (`data_dir`)
```

> dlt+ project has a dedicated location where (`data_dir`) all working files are stored. By default it is `_data` folder in the root of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dlt+ project has a dedicated location (`data_dir`), where all working files are stored. By default, it is `_data` folder in the root of the project.
```

> root and working files for each profile are separated. For example: working files for `dev` profile are stored in `_data/dev`.

Reviewer: I don't understand it. Does the following make sense?
```suggestionWorking 
Working files for each profile are stored separately. For example, files for `dev` profile are stored in `_data/dev`.
```

> Working files include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Working files include:
```

> * pipeline working directories (`{data_dir}/pipelines` folder) where load packages, pipeline state and schemas are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* pipeline working directory (`{data_dir}/pipelines` folder) where load packages, pipeline state, and schemas are stored locally.
```

* all files created by destinations (`{data_dir}\local`) ie. local `filesystem` buckets, duckdb databases, iceberg and delta lakes (if configured for local filesystem)
* default locations for ad hoc (ie. dbt related) Python virtual environments.

:::tip

> Use relative paths when configuring destinations that create local files to automatically place them in profile-separated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use relative paths when configuring destinations that generate local files to ensure they are automatically placed in the profile-separated
```

`{data_dir}\local` folder. For example:

```yaml
destinations:
  iceberg:
    bucket_url: lake
  my_duckdb:
    type: duckdb
```
`iceberg` destination will create iceberg lake in `_data/dev/local/lake` folder and `duckdb` will create database in
`_data/dev/local/my_duckdb.duckdb`.

You can cleanup your working files with `dlt project --profile name clean` command.
:::

### 🧪 Python API to interact with dlt+ project
You can access any dlt+ project entity or function via Python interface. In the example below:
```yaml
transformations:
  stressed_transformation:
    engine: arrow
    cache: stressed_cache
pipelines:
  bronze_pipe:
    destination: filesystem
    dataset_name: bronze
```

```py
import dlt_plus

entities = dlt_plus.current.entities()
pipeline = entities.create_pipeline("bronze_pipe")
transformation = entities.create_transformation("stressed_transformation")
```

> we access **entities manager** through which sources, destinations, pipelines and other objects can be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we access the entities manager, which allows you to create sources, destinations, pipelines, and other objects.
```

> You can also obtain **catalog** with all created datasets via `dlt_plus.current.catalog()` from which you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also obtain **catalog** with all created datasets via `dlt_plus.current.catalog()`, which makes it easy to
```

> [conveniently explore all of your data](data-access.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[explore all of your data](data-access.md).
```
